input received: uci
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: isready
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: force
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: ?
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: f3d4
input received: otim
input received: b1c3
input received: otim
input received: d4c6
input received: otim
input received: b2c3
input received: otim
input received: c1e3
input received: otim
input received: d1d4
input received: otim
input received: e1c1
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: c2c4
input received: ?
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: uci
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: isready
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: exit
input received: force
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: e2e3
input received: otim
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: c2c4
input received: force
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: d4c5
input received: ?
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: force
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: e2e3
input received: otim
input received: d4c5
input received: otim
input received: b1c3
input received: otim
input received: f1b5
input received: otim
input received: b5d7
input received: otim
input received: e1g1
input received: force
input received: undo
input received: undo
input received: d1e2
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: e1g1
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: e2e3
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: analyze
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: analyze
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: exit
input received: force
input received: analyze
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: white
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: analyze
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: exit
input received: force
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: white
input received: go
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: force
input received: e2e4
input received: g7g6
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: white
input received: go
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: new

input received: random
input received: level
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: computer
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: f1c4
input received: otim
input received: c2c3
input received: otim
input received: e1g1
input received: otim
input received: b2b4
input received: otim
input received: a2a4
input received: otim
input received: a4a5
input received: otim
input received: d1f3
input received: otim
input received: g2f3
input received: otim
input received: b4a5
input received: ?
input received: ?
input received: result
input received: 1/2-1/2
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: computer
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: f3d4
input received: otim
input received: b1c3
input received: otim
input received: f1e2
input received: otim
input received: d4b5
input received: otim
input received: b2c3
input received: otim
input received: e1g1
input received: otim
input received: f1e1
input received: otim
input received: c1g5
input received: otim
input received: g5f4
input received: otim
input received: f4g3
input received: otim
input received: g2h3
input received: otim
input received: b5d6
input received: otim
input received: d1d6
input received: ?
input received: ?
input received: result
input received: 1-0
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: computer
input received: ?
input received: result
input received: *
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: white
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: new
input received: level
input received: random
input received: level
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: analyze
input received: analyze
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: white
input received: go
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: exit
input received: force
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: analyze
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: .
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: computer
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: computer
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: white
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: g8f6
input received: otim
input received: e7e6
input received: otim
input received: d7d5
input received: otim
input received: f8e7
input received: otim
input received: b7b6
input received: otim
input received: e8g8
input received: otim
input received: c8b7
input received: otim
input received: b8c6
input received: otim
input received: d8e8
input received: otim
input received: f6e4
input received: otim
input received: d5e4
input received: otim
input received: e6e5
input received: otim
input received: c6e5
input received: otim
input received: f8e8
input received: otim
input received: a8d8
input received: otim
input received: d8d7
input received: otim
input received: e8d8
input received: otim
input received: e7f6
input received: otim
input received: e4f3
input received: otim
input received: d8e8
input received: otim
input received: f6h4
input received: otim
input received: h4g3
input received: otim
input received: b6c5
input received: ?
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: computer
input received: otim
input received: d2d4
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: c2c4
input received: otim
input received: b1c3
input received: otim
input received: c4d5
input received: otim
input received: c1g5
input received: otim
input received: g5f6
input received: otim
input received: e2e3
input received: otim
input received: b2c3
input received: otim
input received: f1d3
input received: otim
input received: d1b3
input received: otim
input received: f3e5
input received: otim
input received: e1g1
input received: otim
input received: e3e4
input received: otim
input received: b3a4
input received: otim
input received: e5d7
input received: otim
input received: d3e4
input received: otim
input received: d4c5
input received: otim
input received: a1d1
input received: otim
input received: d1d7
input received: otim
input received: f1d1
input received: otim
input received: a4d7
input received: otim
input received: d7a7
input received: otim
input received: e4d5
input received: otim
input received: f2f3
input received: otim
input received: a7d7
input received: otim
input received: d7e7
input received: otim
input received: a2a4
input received: otim
input received: e7c5
input received: otim
input received: c5a7
input received: otim
input received: a4a5
input received: otim
input received: a5a6
input received: otim
input received: a7c7
input received: otim
input received: a6a7
input received: otim
input received: d5e4
input received: otim
input received: c7c6
input received: otim
input received: a7a8q
input received: otim
input received: a8g8
input received: otim
input received: c6e6
input received: otim
input received: e4f5
input received: otim
input received: e6e8
input received: otim
input received: d1d7
input received: otim
input received: e8e7
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: protover
input received: accepted
input received: sigterm
input received: accepted
input received: analyze
input received: accepted
input received: colors
input received: accepted
input received: nps
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: force
input received: e2e4
input received: d7d5
input received: b1c3
input received: time
input received: otim
input received: black
input received: go
input received: otim
input received: c3e2
input received: otim
input received: d2d3
input received: otim
input received: f2f4
input received: otim
input received: h2h3
input received: otim
input received: f4e5
input received: otim
input received: c1f4
input received: otim
input received: f4h2
input received: otim
input received: f1e2
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: f3h2
input received: otim
input received: g2g3
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: level
input received: new

input received: random
input received: hard
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: level
input received: new

input received: hard

input received: level
input received: easy
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: otim
input received: e2e3
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: level
input received: new
input received: post
input received: hard

input received: level
input received: easy
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: level
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: level
input received: hard
input received: random
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: otim
input received: e2e4
input received: otim
input received: g1f3
input received: otim
input received: e4d5
input received: otim
input received: b1c3
input received: otim
input received: d1e2
input received: otim
input received: d2d3
input received: otim
input received: c1d2
input received: otim
input received: e1c1
input received: otim
input received: d3d4
input received: otim
input received: f3d4
input received: otim
input received: e2e6
input received: otim
input received: c3b5
input received: otim
input received: d1d2
input received: level
input received: new
input received: random
input received: level
input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard

input received: level
input received: post
input received: hard
input received: easy
input received: ?
input received: ?
input received: force
input received: quit
